doc reorg and edits (#1112)
ROCm/composable_kernel: docs/what-is-ck.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Composable Kernel documentation and API reference library
  :keywords: composable kernel, CK, ROCm, API, documentation

.. _what-is-ck:

********************************************************************

> What is the Composable Kernel Library

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be `library` and not `Library`?
```suggestion
What is the Composable Kernel library
```

********************************************************************

-----------
Methodology
-----------

The Composable Kernel (CK) library provides a programming model for writing performance critical kernels for machine learning workloads across multiple architectures including GPUs and CPUs, through general purpose kernel languages like HIP C++.

CK utilizes two concepts to achieve performance portability and code maintainability:

* A tile-based programming model
* Algorithm complexity reduction for complex ML operators using an innovative technique called
  "Tensor Coordinate Transformation".

.. image:: data/ck_component.png
   :alt: CK Components

--------------
Code Structure
--------------

> The CK library is structured into 4 layers:
> 
> * "Templated Tile Operators" layer
> * "Templated Kernel and Invoker" layer
> * "Instantiated Kernel and Invoker" layer
> * "Wrapper for tensor transform operations"
> * "Client API" layer

Reviewer: It's a bit vague here - we say there are 4 layers but list 5 components.

Maybe we could change it to sth like that? @bartekxk, I guess you added it. Does it make sense?
```suggestion
The CK library is structured into 4 layers:

* "Templated Tile Operators" layer
* "Templated Kernel and Invoker" layer
* "Instantiated Kernel and Invoker" layer
* "Client API" layer

It also includes a simple wrapper component used to perform tensor transform operations more easily and with fewer lines of code.
```

Author: Hi Bartek, I also noticed the additional bullet, but I did not make this change. I can change it as you requested, but it is from an earlier PR than mine. Let me know if you think I should implement your suggestions. Thanks.

Reviewer: I see. Whatever you prefer works for me as well. We can make that change in a separate PR, that's not a problem.
